Add plugin documentation for Core and Enterprise (#5791)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/core/plugins.md

---
title: Python Plugins and Processing Engine

> description: Instructions for using the Python processing engine in InfluxDB 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Use the Python processing engine to trigger and execute custom code on different events in an {{< product-name >}} instance.
```
